file = t053044
date = 2024-03-19
user = rabcl12
conversation = 108431748923102896
URL = https://truthsocial.com/@rabcl12/112122982382691996

word count = 109
words loading = 4
factor score = -4

flag_united_states_e Travis flag_united_states_e collision_e collision_e 
collision_e collision_e collision_e collision_e **police_car_light_e** Breaking 
News: Conservative Texas AG Ken Paxton, who ran his entire campaign on getting 
Biden, has announced charges against Hunter Biden for overvaluing the value of 
his paintings. thumbs_up_e grinning_squinting_face_e 
rolling_on_the_floor_laughing_e **face_with_tears_of_joy_e** 
grinning_squinting_face_e rolling_on_the_floor_laughing_e 
**face_with_tears_of_joy_e** grinning_squinting_face_e 
rolling_on_the_floor_laughing_e **face_with_tears_of_joy_e** 
grinning_squinting_face_e rolling_on_the_floor_laughing_e 
**face_with_tears_of_joy_e** . Luckily the Judge presiding over the case will 
be Judge Sam Elliot, whose wife blast Biden on social media. Also, his top 
clerk will be Helen Hunt, who donates strictly to conservatives and attends 
anti Biden rallies. Does this sound fair democrats? Because reverse the roles 
and this is exactly what ' s happening to Donald Trump! This story isn ' t 
true, but if it was I ' m sure you ' d be throwing a fit calling it a biased 
prosecution thumbs_up_e **face_with_tears_of_joy_e** 
rolling_on_the_floor_laughing_e grinning_squinting_face_e 
**face_with_tears_of_joy_e** rolling_on_the_floor_laughing_e 
grinning_squinting_face_e **face_with_tears_of_joy_e** 
rolling_on_the_floor_laughing_e grinning_squinting_face_e 
**face_with_tears_of_joy_e** rolling_on_the_floor_laughing_e 
grinning_squinting_face_e 

Lemmas in this text that loaded on the factor:

case_nn 
conservative_nns 
face_with_tears_of_joy_e 
police_car_light_e 
